Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The Himalayas, Nepalese Border
Go
Fall back
Do you really believe in God
Such faith is a blessing
In the 30 years at Coral Scientific
God never showed his face
I've spent my entire life
pursuing this Chinese secret to immortality
And now all I need is the last one
of the 24 divine pieces
Your Reverence
if your God's unavailable today
Please
Mr Hendrix
When you are my age
You realize death is certain
Really
Very interesting
If that's What you want
Let's fight them
The gods have spoken
We'll be saved
I have no time to deal with you
You guys go out and check
Zhang Qiling
The last divine piece is beneath the statue
The method of its destruction
can be found on it
We're running out of time
Hurry up and find it
To avoid a disaster to mankind
You have to take an oath
You have to complete your mission
even in hell
Wait
Who are you
House of Wu, the warehouse
Mr Wu, What are you
I'm waiting for a friend
Open the third blind
Only half open
Go ahead
One, two, three
Who are you
I'm a writer
Someone referred me here
I heard you have a fascinating story
And want to turn it into a novel
My memories to others are stories
I hope to do it before I can't tell Whether
it's my memory or a story
You can help me record it
Wonderful
Let's begin
This should be a story about me and him
When did it begin
How did it end
Should he tell it about me
Or me about him
I tell it about him, he about me
Or I tell the story about him
Let's do this
You know the maternity ward of
the Wu hospital
Do you know when it prohibited smoking
My birth
Was a matter of impedance to my family
But I didn't know
Why was I important
But on the day I was born
Everyone
They seemed to have
prepared for a long time
As if my birth
Would bring an incredible
change to the family
Wu Yiqiong, your Wife has given birth
It's a boy
He's born
Father, it's a boy
What a pristine child
Our family
Finally has a pristine member
I'll name him Wu Xie
Pristine and innocent
Yes, Wu Xie
Grandfather thought the name Wu Xie
Could have brought me a relatively
ordinary life
But
To have someone who hasn't experienced
the extraordinary
to sing the praises of ordinary
The result would often be bitter
Lower
Wu Xie, lower
Wu Xie, how come the butterflies
have flown away
I did it on purpose
Which one of you believe
We don't believe
No problem
Let's play hide and seek
Wu Xie
How come it's me again
Relief
The Ninth Family
I'll give this back to you
Life is a dream
What is unreal would be real
Life is a mirror that shows your reflection
But I hope the reflection doesn't show
the mundane
Every month in this family
A member dies
It was after a long time
did I realize my elders
are tomb raiders
Flowers bloom and flowers Wilt
are a way of life
Family such as mine were originally nine
They were called The Nine Families
The top three families were aristocrats
the middle thieves
and the lower three families were merchants
The Nine Families declined in influence
eventually
And their descendents gradually drifted
away from the family businesses
How can life be as you Wish
Autumn leaves fall and Winter snow comes
Sixteen Years Later
Museum of the Warring States Period
Widow's Grave
The wealth and sickness markings on
the Luban ruler
The corner of separation and altruism
The emperor is in the heavens
Countless offerings to the ancestors
It's strange
This Widow's Grave is a
commoner's cementary
How come it uses the measurements for
royal architecture?
Boss
Who cares if it's commoners or royals?
What does it matter to us?
Let's hurry and go back
We can't leave the shop unattended
No
The years I've spent learning about
ancient architecture
If I don't put it into practice
It would be a waste
As I see it
There is a problem with this Widow's Grave
But if I want to know the answer
I'd have to dismantle it
To understand its true nature
Boss
I don't understand at all
Why don't you tell me
Why don't you let your Uncle
Three take you to a tomb
Let me tell you
My family would never want
to see me go into a tomb
Especially my Uncle Three
This
Should never reach his ears
You didn't tell him, did you
Uncle Three
How many times did I tell you
Not to come here
Not to come
Who the hell let you in
Uncle Three, please
listen to my explanation
This is a political assignment sent from
my school
I came down here to
restore the structure
Restore the structure
What doesn't come apart in your hands
In order to restore, I have to dismantle it
The restoration is for the purposes of
dismantling
Is this your logic
Something like that
Let me tell you
The vampire moths in this tombs are fierce
Hurry up I saw a lot of moths just now
Wait, let me take a photograph
Don't
You're crushing me, you son of a bitch
Don't blame me
How are you doing
I'm fine Did you get hurt
If you're fine, then
Inside this Widow's Grave
What else is hiding
This is to borrow other
people's Dragon Vein
To nurture one's corpse
In the desert hills in the west
There was an ancient kingdom of
the western desert
called Tamutuo
It's ruled by the Snake Empress
I was captured by King Xiang
And was forced to offer my services
as a craftsman
To build the tomb of the Snake Empress
It's three thousand metres deep
Filled with the finest gold and jade
I left after 18 years,
and all was suspicious
Iron Mask recorded this on a stele
The Tomb of the Snake Empress
That was the ancient kingdom
in the Gobi Desert
Who is Iron Mask
What has he got to do with the Widow
How come they are lain in upper
and lower decks
Iron Mask must be an architect
You said he could build
tombs on the scale of that of
the Snake Empress
He must have been the best craftsman of
the time
You torch is bright enough
Which way are you running
Go, hurry
Stan the car Go
We witnessed the extraordinary phenomenon
of moths rushing out of a well
And the video sent by a passerby
It was shot in the place behind me
Scan it Yes sir
We found it
Can't you hear it, Uncle Three
What can't I hear
What should I hear
Listen to this
Uncle Three, take this
I'm going to take it apart Take it apart
Why are you taking something apart again
What would happen if you break it
Don't try to tear it apart,
you little smart ass
Don't you want to see inside
I do
Hammer
Tweezers
Turn it around
Crane plier
We have to take the first plug out
Mission accomplished
I'm going to take the second one out
Wipe my sweat
Use some force
I did Harder
Screwdriver mallet
Circlip pliers
Look
It's moving
This should be from the
Warring States Period
I don't think so
Over two thousand years ago
How would they have made clocks?
Uncle Three, this is not a clock
You see, there are the markings of the year
and date
Every time it revolves
it touches the trigger
And it moves forward a grid
Until there is no more grid at the bottom
This is a countdown
There aren't that many grids left
There are eight days left
Eight days
But What do you think
it's counting down to
Good question
Now I remember, in grandfather's notebook
There was a record of Fox Face
In the Warring States Period
There was a kingdom in the west called
Kunlun Qucha
It was overthrown by the Black Khan
I followed King Xiang into Tamutuo
When King Xiang saw the Snake Empress
They fell in love
The Empress gave the king armor made of
meteorites
And passed him the secret of immortality
Mankind is pathetic
They are too scared to change
their own destiny
I know the secret to eternal life
But they took me for a succubus
The Snake Empress said
Seven stars in the sky converge
every 2000 years
If one takes the magical herb,
one will sleep for 2000 years
And wake up when the seven stars
converge again
And then live forever
King Xiang ordered the best craftsman
Iron Mask
to bring six tribes of craftsmen from the
Western Region
To construct the tomb of the Snake Empress
in order for her to work her magic
2000 years later
We will meet again
Iron Mask was suspicious of the magic
of the Empress and was imprisoned
So he carved What he knew on
24 copper pieces
And took with him the key to the tomb
And fled
Key
We have to find Tamutuo in eight days
And enter the Tomb of the Snake Empress
I'm definitely going on this raid
Hurry up and make some calls
Is the equipment ready for going down into
the tomb
All ready
Screw steel pipe
Collapsible shovel
And nylon rope and bandages are ready
What about night vision and
waterproof mining lamps
Master Three,
you didn't give us enough money
You're so stupid. Get up
What's the point of saving a little money
Let me tell you,
we'll learn a lot when we get there
Forget this small amount of money
We'll give everything that we've got
Endure the hardships and get this done
This old, black metal sword was made of
meteorites
Left by the Black Back of the
Ninth Family 30 years ago
We're following the old rules
We'll let Whoever can
pick it up come join us
The first challenger, Li Tiezhu
The way he picks up the sword is wrong
Next
Wang Kai
Looks like only Pan Zi can pick it up
Yo, bro
Can you do it or not
If you can't do it, go home to your farm
Who is this
Hey
Da Kui
This guy's got mad skills
Don't be late tomorrow morning
Here you go
The Western Regions, the Border
Old Man
Step on the gas
We have three days left,
and you're going so slowly
Please, hurry up Yes, there's no time
Are we going mining
In the tombs here are slabstones made with
iron water
If you don't use this
What are you going to use
Nail clippers
What you have there is a grenade
With little ball bearings inside
When you pull the trigger
Bang
Everyone in the truck becomes holey
Holey
Holy balls
Yes, Holy balls You're holy balls
Little Master Three
Here, Da Kui
Master Three, how come we never saw you
bring your nephew out to the tombs
He's all grown up now
When I was studying
psychology in university
My professor said
There are two kinds of people who love
looking at mirrors
The first are ones that
don't know themselves
The other are those that know themselves
very well
Which one are you
Can you not look at the sky
at 45 degrees all the time
Nicholas Zhaosi once said
If you keep on staring at the sky
you'll forget the taste
of beer and fried chicken
My name is Wu Xie, What is yours?
If you don't tell me
I'll call you Shtum
Actually, I'm also a reticent and
handsome man
It doesn't matter Whether
you like to talk or not
What is important is that
I know you're a good guy
Look
I said you're a good guy
The Tomb of the Empress is so dangerous
Why do you want to go down there
My family never lets me get down tombs
But the less they want me to go
The more I want to go
What did you grandfather say
He urged you again and again
Don't enter this business
But you insist on going in
But What you mean by going in
Means going out to me
I'm all grown up
I can make my own way
When I was a child
I snuck into a maze-like place
It appeared in my dreams again and again
And I couldn't get out of the maze
People told me this is my demon
You think if you can get out of
the Empress's Tomb
you can get rid of your demons
What about you
Do you know there's a kind of
people in the west
that are divinely inspired bards
After a period of time
They forget the memories of the past
When I look into the mirror
I always doubt Whether I actually exist
Can you cure it
That's Why I treasure everything that I've
experienced
Don't worry
I'll record them for you with my camera
You won't be lost
The world is so enormous
If I come or I go
Who cares
But before I lose myself
I will finish this business
Brothers
We've arrived at the gate of
Snake Empress's palace
Let's get on with it Yeah
Shtum
Don't move
How about it. Was it a good picture
Give me your address
and I'll send it to you when we get back
What is so scary about going into a tomb
Don't worry
I'll look after you
Oh yes, I forgot my two hammers
Go get them for me Hammers
Wait
Give me that key thing
Don't break it
Uncle Three, What are you doing
Good bye to you
Open the door Let's go
Shtum
It's safer for you to stay in the truck
Uncle Three
You promised
What if I need to pee or poo
You sly fox
It's not so easy to lock me in
Mr Hendrix
I think they've found the Tomb
These raiders have some skills after all
I see everything is on track
If it's really that simple
You wouldn't have come looking for me
They have the key
If What you're looking
for isn't in that tomb
Well, that's not my problem
That is the right attitude
What I'm doing isn't about right or wrong
It's about how much
Who are you
No, that's not possible
Keep them alive, Ning
Let's move
Yes, Captain
East is on the left
West is on the right
Ahead is south
And north is behind
You can't see it during Winter
When the tide rises in spring and summer,
the mountain shows itself
I've been to all kinds of mountains before
I know Where the entrance is
Put down the nails
Zhong
Go Hurry
Ready
One, two, three
We're rich
Rich
What's the matter
Get a hold of him
Help
Give me your hand
Hold on tight
Are you sick
Listen
This is King Xiang's welcome gift to us
Be careful, guys
Stay alive to get out of here
What are you doing
Are you possessed
Anesthetic Needle
Go
Dan Dan
Our friends
Lift your lamps higher
Get out our weapons
As they say
It's fate that brought us together
Master Three
Those are foreigners
Do you speak Zhongwen
Chinese
So speak Chinese to them
We're the same kind of people
I'm a tomb raider too
As long as you pass us the key
to the tomb gate
Master Three. How did they find out
Then we're a family
Or else
We'll bury you in this place
Go fuck yourself
Get down
Take cover
What the hell
Let's fight them
Move in
Cover me
Give me a gun
Stop it
Your weapons are too strong
You want the key, don't you
I'll give you the key
Hold
Catch
Grenade
Retreat
Fall back
Da Kui
Find a way to the tomb
Who is that
Hold on tighter
I can't take it anymore
What to do
lift it
Master Three
Go
Not bad
I know
Fall back
You stay
Not now
Let's go after them
Hold
What sneaky bastards
This team is good
Uncle Three
Shtum
Mr Hendrix
I'm scanning the tomb now
Guys let's go
Yes Captain
What is my name
Wu Xie
That's not too bad
You don't have amnesia
The divinely inspired bards
My name is Zhang Qiling
This should be it
Help him
Pull
Look after him
You little smart ass.
How come you're down here
I saw a bunch of foreigners following your
footsteps
I'm here to give you a warning
Not bad, you little smart ass
You're pretty sharp
What
Give me the key
The key is safe with me
Master Three
I'm a bit scared
You can't fear the ghosts
if you're a tomb raider
This is the Tomb of the Snake Empress
Is this your first time going down a tomb
This is the forecourt
The forecourt to receive guests
Look at it. It looks
more like a funeral hall
I'll record it
I've never seen so many puppets
These are wooden figures
to bury with the dead
Ancient people used them in
ancestral sacrifices
It's called puppet play
Look. It's lit on that side too
Master Three
This boy is good
Way it goes
Little Master Three knows What he's doing
Not bad, you little smart ass
It worked
Record it
Right
Master Three, look
These are the guardian spirits
This female one is rather good looking
We're rich
Look at that
There are some more over here
This is nothing
Open the coffin
One, two, three
Hold on to it
It stinks
Down, put it down
Watch your feet
Fuck me. What a bundle
But we can spend these things in a lifetime
Do you want to see the one opposite
Where is the corpse
Master Three
The corpse is gone
Cover your ears
Lovely
What a lovely song
Da Kui
Zhong
Why are you following me around
I told you I'm a grown man
I'm not afraid of you
Wu Sanxing
Sorry I offended you
Didn't you say I'm beautiful
Come out
Don't mess around
No more horseplay
Do you want to kiss me
Let me go
What do you want
Don't come after me
What is going on
Where are they
Where is the lion
What happened
This is called the song of the dead
It's played by the puppets
It will numb your senses
and drive you insane
How come you know it so well
Have you been here before
You're a mole
Zhong
Uncle Three
Calm down
We won't make it if we don't leave now
Hurry
Be careful
Help
Swords
Is this the time
How can you still take pictures
Uncle Three. Follow my rhythm
One, two, three
Follow my ass
Come help me
One, two, three
Pan Zi
Follow my rhythm
It's tiring me out
I can't do it anymore
I'll go help them
One, two, duck
Get ready for a turn
One, two, go
Be careful
Pan Zi, I'm scared
You weren't scared when you saw the gold
Master Three, how can we get out of here
We can't get out
We hide
Look at this
Uncle Three
Oh my God
How come there are so many skeletons
in this cage
What word is this
This word is pronounced Chai
It is made up of the words for ten thousand
and insects
In ancient times, there was a punishment
called Basin of Ten Thousand Insects
They stripped off the clothes of a criminal
Threw him into a ditch
and let insects bite him
Master Three
I'm sorry
I quit
Hey
Don't be like this It doesn't
matter how much you pay me, I quit
Let me go
Brother Dan Dan
Dan Dan
Flesh-eating insects
Help
Help me
Uncle Three, What are you doing
Help him
Uncle Three
Uncle Three, help him
Didn't you want to get down to a tomb
This is bloody tomb raiding for you
Get on the metal frames
Go
Hurry up
Little Master Three
Give your hand to me
Da Kui
What happened On your clothes
It doesn't matter
No, take a look
Fuck me
Pan Zi, give me your knife
Catch
Little Master Three
Hurry up
I can't hold on anymore
Be careful
Nephew
What a flute player you are
Your flute has beaten thousands of insects
That's so cool
Go
God damn it
Run
Find the entrance
Go I'll fight him to the death
No, no grenade
The key's inside
Shtum
My judgment tells me
that there's a gate here
I'll find the trigger
Duck
Smoke bomb
We're running out of time
There's no other way
We can only dig a hole
I have a better way
Is it ready yet
Go
Hurry up, catch
Let's go
I'll stick to the rear
Then I'll catch up
Ning, do not follow them
Backtrack and take the
tunnel at your 3 o'clock
and you will intercept them
Good
Guys Move
Come on. Run
Wu Xie
Uncle Three and the guys Don't move
I might not get out
Right, I'll give you your memories
Catch it
I told you not to move
I want you to hand it to me yourself
Walk over slowly
Come on
I'll catch you
Come
I took a photo of you when you
were dozing off in the truck
Can you not speak
I speak when I'm nervous
Give me your hand
I don't regret coming down to this tomb
Wu Xie
Oh my God
This looks like ancient
Persian architecture
Fingers on the trigers, boys
What are these things
Is this the secret of Mu's tomb
No, this is just the beginning
Scan it
That's plant cell
Sir, they're plant, not human
Guys
This armor is worth a lot
They are all made of gold
Position
Don't shoot him
Don't damage my sample
No guns
Shoot him
No
Go now
Don't damage my sample
No way, my people are dying
No
Reconnect me
Heart
Freeze
Little bastard
Give me the key
Or I'll kill you
What are you laughing at
Fatty
Don't mess with me
What age is this. You're
still using a knife
Do you have a gun
To come tomb raiding
How can I not bring a gun
I don't believe you
Try me
Are you scared
Goddamn Fatty
Tried to bluff with me with a knife
Don't you have a gun
I don't have a gun
Damn
Let's help him
We have to
Damn
How come it's so heavy
I got it
I'm exhausted
Damn Fatty
Little friend, I'll see you later
That is a fake
Here
My neck
Master
Shtum
Damn Fatty
The key is here
Boss
Boss, wait for me
Get out of the way
100m, turn left
Next tunnel
There's something waiting for me
Hendrix
What the hell are we really after
Boss
Don't ask him anymore
He's not going to tell you
There's no time
Give me the key
Don't try me
Ning
He's an old friend
I want to talk to him
Have you find yourself now
No
But I know I'm your opposite
You suffer from fear of aging
Whereas I suffer from never being able to
So you've discovered the
secret of immotality
No
The countdown is ending
It is the last chance to open the Tomb
What is he after anyway
What are you trying to destroy
50 years ago
I bought these 23 divine pieces
and they hold the secret discovered by
Iron Mask
I found that
the Empress's Witchcraft is to
turn human beings into trees that live to a
thousand years
She took the essence of the magical tree
and transfered it into King Xiang's body
to turn it into worms
She also created an immortal army
To be released when the seven stars
converge again
I will be back
If she succeeded
It would be a catastrophe for mankind
You want us to bring this crap to you
You have let your obsession take over you
Okay
There's a path on your right which leads
straight to Mu' coffin
and they will all die
Will you lead them out
or will you let your obsession lead them to
their deaths
It's hard to decide
Since I've been in this business
I've never met a mission
I couldn't complete
No matter it's for money or faith
We're destined to go together
You stay
So you stay
I stay
Are you talking about
opening the Mu's coffin
I've never met a riddle I can't solve
I have to see it for myself
You've seen the Empress's secret
You go back first
I'll handle the rest
No
I said I'd take care of you
You've overestimated your abilities
How dare you interrupt our eternal lives
You are not human nor trees
I have to carry out a divine will
Yeah
It's the Snake Empress of Tamutuo
The designer of this catastrophe
Humans are a lowly life form
But the worms that I bred
are about to change this world
Uncle Three
Nephew
Boss
Look
Harry
Captain
Shtum
Old Man
Don't go
What the hell are they
Let's go
Where the hell are they going
Don't drag me
You let me go
You bloody let go first
Don't bite me
Stab him with your knife
Stab him
Hurry Stab him
Okay
Stab him in the heart
Move move
Come on, come on
Harry
Go
Chew on this
Don't
Don't come over. Go away
Da Kui
If I totally lost myself one day
There's still someone
who would remember me
Of course I'd remember you
I only want one thing from you
When you return
I'll give it to you
It's a magnetic field
We have to think about retreating
What should we do
What
Flute
I can let you have a taste
of the joy of eternal life
What are we going to do
Mr Hendrix
I know you see all this
If these worms break out
That will be the end of mankind
But I know you can help us defeat them
You want me to defeat my entire life's plan
I think you can achieve something else
What would that be
A true hero
The sorceress relies on the magnetic power
for protection
Destroy the lava pipe
And the heat will destroy
her magnetic shield
Thank you sir
I've already discovered the secret
And What difference does it make
You know you can't do it
Alone
He is not alone
Ning
I hope you can accept my next offer
There's something I want to ask you first
How much
If it's right or wrong
Ning, let's split
Give me the key.
How about me?
This mission is too perilous
No
Even though I'm just a lowly interpreter
I'm still a member of your team
You have to take this out
This is a testament to the most
important day of our lives
My name is Wang
Fatty Wang
My partner
Okay
I swear to you
I'll complete this mission
Help me break this chain
I'm going to ride that Wheel to help Shtum
One
Two
Three
You be careful
No problem
Shtum
I'll come and rescue you very soon
Fuck me
Uncle Three
Duck
Go to hell
Uncle Three
You have to disengage the pipes down below
What
You're still thinking of dismantling things
In order to restore, we have to dismantle
After you bomb the lava pipe
Smash the Wheel
And the chain will lead you out
Set it for 30
Good luck
Hello
Give it to me
This
You
30 seconds
OK? Partner
OK
I have a way
Zhong
Zhong, What the hell are you doing
How can we, the Nine Families
lose to foreigners
You're being silly
Give me your hand
Look
I said I'd take care of you
I learned some truth
from you
Memories aren't everything
Daring to imagine
is What everything is all about
Then you don't regret having me as a friend
I regret not locking you
in the truck myself
It's time for you to go
My mission hasn't been completed yet
Shtum
Wu Xie
We have to go
Shtum
We won't make it if we don't leave now
Don't
Shtum
I will be back
People like me
After a period of time
Would forget the memories of the past
Don't worry
I'll record for you with my camera
This is for you
We don't seek smoke and mirrors
Looking back at the time
when the Wise man rises
It was a time of innocence and purity
This should be a story about me and him
Whether he should tell the story about me
Or me about him
When did it all start?
How did it end?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org